sJ (#75)
mslehre/text-embedding: docs/README.md

> # Using OpenAI embeddings for creation of LLM with custom corpus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Using OpenAI Embeddings in Order to Use an LLM with a Custom Corpus
```
